Add documentation for spring starters (#1035)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: instrumentation-core/spring/starters/zipkin-exporter-starter/README.md

# OpenTelemetry Zipkin Exporter Starter

> The OpenTelemetry Zipkin Exporter Starter for Java is a starter package that includes packages required to enable tracing using opentelemetry. It also provides the [opentelemetry-exporters-zipkin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/master/exporters/zipkin) dependency and corresponding autoconfigurations.  Check out [opentelemetry-spring-boot-autoconfigure](../../spring-boot-autoconfigure/README.md#features) for the list of supported libraries and features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry Zipkin Exporter Starter for Java is a starter package that includes packages required to enable tracing using OpenTelemetry. It also provides the [opentelemetry-exporters-zipkin](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java/tree/master/exporters/zipkin) dependency and corresponding auto-configuration.  Check out [opentelemetry-spring-boot-autoconfigure](../../spring-boot-autoconfigure/README.md#features) for the list of supported libraries and features.
```
